Does Beijing have a second regret?
Didn't you say that my family is poor?
He turned out to be the richest man in the country
Grandpa hurry up
How have you been with Uncle Wang these years?
How is Ajie treating you?
I'm doing just fine.
It's fine with me too
Thanks to Mom and Dad who accidentally lost you
Let you be reduced to someone else
Little sister, we have been looking for you all these years.
Just the information of the health center
Was destroyed by that fire
Recently we found out
Back then, Xu Aiqin also faced the health center
It's just that he held you wrong.
His biological daughter Bai Muyao
I also picked it up for your cleaner.
Who has the brother of the Bai family become?
Grandpa grew up in their house
Still can't stand it
Xiaomei, don't worry.
In the future, you will have parents
Let your brothers not let you be wronged again
Yes, you can ask the fourth brother anything you want.
Fourth brother will help you settle it
There are 5 more people I would do me a favor too
So this is what it feels like to be pampered by a group?
I see who will dare to bully in the future
Thank you brothers
Mom, I'm going to the bathroom
Okay, go ahead.
Sister, why are you here?